docs: add readthedocs build using doxygen (#71)
LizardByte/libdisplaydevice: docs/CMakeLists.txt

# find doxygen and graphviz
find_package(Doxygen
        REQUIRED dot)

# define variables based on whether we are building on readthedocs
if(DEFINED ENV{READTHEDOCS})
    set(LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR $ENV{READTHEDOCS_OUTPUT})
    set(LDD_PROJECT_VERSION $ENV{READTHEDOCS_VERSION})
else()
    set(LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR "${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/build")
    set(LDD_PROJECT_VERSION ${PROJECT_VERSION})
endif()

> 
> # build docs
> add_custom_target(docs ALL
>         WORKING_DIRECTORY "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}"
>         COMMENT "Building Doxygen documentation"
>         # doxygen fails to create the output directory if it does not exist, so let's handle it here
>         COMMAND ${CMAKE_COMMAND} -E make_directory "${LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR}/html"
>         COMMAND ${CMAKE_COMMAND} -E env
>             LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR=${LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR}
>             LDD_PROJECT_VERSION=${LDD_PROJECT_VERSION}
>             ${DOXYGEN_EXECUTABLE} Doxyfile
>         VERBATIM
> )

Author: ```suggestion
# create build directories, as doxygen fails to create it in some cases?
file(MAKE_DIRECTORY "${LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR}/html")

# build docs
add_custom_target(docs ALL
        WORKING_DIRECTORY "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}"
        COMMENT "Building Doxygen documentation"
        COMMAND ${CMAKE_COMMAND} -E env
            LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR=${LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR}
            LDD_PROJECT_VERSION=${LDD_PROJECT_VERSION}
            ${DOXYGEN_EXECUTABLE} Doxyfile
        VERBATIM
)
```

# find doxygen and graphviz
find_package(Doxygen
        REQUIRED dot)

# define variables based on whether we are building on readthedocs
if(DEFINED ENV{READTHEDOCS})
    set(LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR $ENV{READTHEDOCS_OUTPUT})
    set(LDD_PROJECT_VERSION $ENV{READTHEDOCS_VERSION})
else()
    set(LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR "${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/build")
    set(LDD_PROJECT_VERSION ${PROJECT_VERSION})
endif()

> # doxygen fails to create the output directory if it does not exist, so let's handle it here
> file(MAKE_DIRECTORY "${LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR}/html")
> 
> # build docs
> add_custom_target(docs ALL
>         WORKING_DIRECTORY "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}"
>         COMMENT "Building Doxygen documentation"
>         COMMAND ${CMAKE_COMMAND} -E env
>             LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR=${LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR}
>             LDD_PROJECT_VERSION=${LDD_PROJECT_VERSION}
>             ${DOXYGEN_EXECUTABLE} Doxyfile
>         VERBATIM
> )

Author: ```suggestion
# build docs
add_custom_target(docs ALL
        WORKING_DIRECTORY "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}"
        COMMENT "Building Doxygen documentation"
        # doxygen fails to create the output directory if it does not exist, so let's handle it here
        COMMAND ${CMAKE_COMMAND} -E make_directory "${LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR}/html"
        COMMAND ${CMAKE_COMMAND} -E env
            LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR=${LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR}
            LDD_PROJECT_VERSION=${LDD_PROJECT_VERSION}
            ${DOXYGEN_EXECUTABLE} Doxyfile
        VERBATIM
)
```

> cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.19)
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

# find doxygen and graphviz
find_package(Doxygen
        REQUIRED dot)

# define variables based on whether we are building on readthedocs
if(DEFINED ENV{READTHEDOCS})
    set(LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR $ENV{READTHEDOCS_OUTPUT})
    set(LDD_PROJECT_VERSION $ENV{READTHEDOCS_VERSION})
else()
    set(LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR "${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/build")
    set(LDD_PROJECT_VERSION ${PROJECT_VERSION})
endif()

# doxygen fails to create the output directory if it does not exist, so let's handle it here

> file(MAKE_DIRECTORY ${LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR})

Author: ```suggestion
file(MAKE_DIRECTORY "${LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR}/html")
```

# find doxygen and graphviz
find_package(Doxygen
        REQUIRED dot)

> # define variables based on whether we are building on readthedocs
> if(DEFINED ENV{READTHEDOCS})
>     set(LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR $ENV{READTHEDOCS_OUTPUT})
>     set(LDD_PROJECT_VERSION $ENV{READTHEDOCS_VERSION})
> else()
>     set(LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR "${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/build")
>     set(LDD_PROJECT_VERSION ${PROJECT_VERSION})
> endif()
> 
> # create build directories, as doxygen fails to create it in some cases?
> file(MAKE_DIRECTORY "${LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR}/html")
> 
> # convert to native path, so doxygen doesn't get confused on Windows
> file(TO_NATIVE_PATH "${LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR}" LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR)
> 
> # build docs
> add_custom_target(docs ALL
>         WORKING_DIRECTORY "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}"
>         COMMENT "Building Doxygen documentation"
>         COMMAND ${CMAKE_COMMAND} -E env
>             LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR=${LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR}
>             LDD_PROJECT_VERSION=${LDD_PROJECT_VERSION}
>             ${DOXYGEN_EXECUTABLE} Doxyfile
>         VERBATIM
> )

Author: ```suggestion
# define variables based on whether we are building on readthedocs
if(DEFINED ENV{READTHEDOCS})
    set(DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR_CMAKE $ENV{READTHEDOCS_OUTPUT})
    set(DOXYGEN_PROJECT_VERSION $ENV{READTHEDOCS_VERSION})
else()
    set(DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR_CMAKE "${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/build")
    set(DOXYGEN_PROJECT_VERSION ${PROJECT_VERSION})
endif()

# create build directories, as doxygen fails to create it in some cases?
file(MAKE_DIRECTORY "${DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR_CMAKE}/html")

# convert to native path, so doxygen doesn't get confused on Windows
file(TO_NATIVE_PATH "${DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR_CMAKE}" DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR_NATIVE)

# build docs
add_custom_target(docs ALL
        WORKING_DIRECTORY "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}"
        COMMENT "Building Doxygen documentation"
        COMMAND ${CMAKE_COMMAND} -E env
            LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR=${DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR_NATIVE}
            LDD_PROJECT_VERSION=${DOXYGEN_PROJECT_VERSION}
            ${DOXYGEN_EXECUTABLE} Doxyfile
        VERBATIM
)
```

> # convert to native path, so doxygen doesn't get confused on Windows
> file(TO_NATIVE_PATH "${DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR_CMAKE}" DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR_NATIVE)
> 
> # build docs
> add_custom_target(docs ALL
>         WORKING_DIRECTORY "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}"
>         COMMENT "Building Doxygen documentation"
>         COMMAND ${CMAKE_COMMAND} -E env
>             LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR=${DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR_NATIVE}
>             LDD_PROJECT_VERSION=${DOXYGEN_PROJECT_VERSION}
>             ${DOXYGEN_EXECUTABLE} Doxyfile
>         VERBATIM
> )

Author: ```suggestion
# convert to relative path, so doxygen doesn't get confused on Windows
file(RELATIVE_PATH DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR_RELATIVE "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}" "${DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR_CMAKE}")

# build docs
add_custom_target(docs ALL
        WORKING_DIRECTORY "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}"
        COMMENT "Building Doxygen documentation"
        COMMAND ${CMAKE_COMMAND} -E env
            LDD_DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR=${DOXYGEN_BUILD_DIR_RELATIVE}
            LDD_PROJECT_VERSION=${DOXYGEN_PROJECT_VERSION}
            ${DOXYGEN_EXECUTABLE} Doxyfile
        VERBATIM
)
```
